Hello everyone.
My name is run Phoolka and what the machinery uses in a prime issue that interested uses of machine
learning models in a 50 inch.
These products can also live in comfort and have more pressing on their lives.
Scription problems if you not on the data the data for this province is manufactured given that often
these type of data is probably there.
But all of this is an artificially created data set the distribution patterns in association with features
are not random.
They follow rules to what we see in the real world because of this the data serves as a great representation
of what you will encounter in the workplace.
And this includes the fact that such state has something going in the course of a lot of pre-processing
for it to be ready for mom.
Now here's a quick preview of what's coming up following these you guys are aware of what life will
be done with Martlett leading symbol.
And we will spend a couple of years exploring some very useful plots.
Collision course with our saying and we will use pandas and not buy from the models themselves will
be our classification models.
So those will be covered as well.
All are matters of my obligation to read we'll be exploring the following projects depending on which
product we're covering.
If you don't feel very comfortable with some of these topics don't feel overwhelmed because we will
review them as we go along.
Well I hope you guys are excited I am to jump in these products and see the next videos.